>>>>[BACKGROUND MUSIC] And
I think many people today
don't know what to
believe anymore.
>>People are basically
going to keep on
to help uncover what
really happened.
>>I felt like something
was watching me.
>>We weren't given
all the information.
We weren't told
the entire story.
>>GEORGE NOORY: And welcome
back to this edition
of "Beyon Belief."
I'm George Noory.
As we continue our
discussion about a virus that
is scaring the living
daylights out of the world.
It's called Ebola.
And our special guest,
infectious disease expert Dr.
Gary Ridenour, who
is wearing a mask
to prevent getting this virus.
How can you breathe
in that thing, Gary?
>>GARY RIDENOUR: It
is uncomfortable,
and it is warm in here.
That's definitely a problem.
>>NOORY: I've
noticed because I fly
a lot, a lot of people
on planes, primarily
people from the Asian nations,
wear masks like that as well.
I always used to think they
look a little strange and goofy
wearing that.
But I guess it's safe, huh?
Does it work?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, yeah.
They're trying to
get contaminated.
The airplane recycles its
air, and the filter systems
were taken out way back
when airlines stopped people
from smoking on board.
So you're getting recycled
air coming through, too,
so you could pick
it up in the air.
>>NOORY: I think you would
cause more panic just
walking through an
airline wearing a mask.
People will try to wonder,
what's wrong with him?
>>RIDENOUR: Today that
would be the concern.
I just hope it
doesn't get to the day
that it's so widely spread that
people even wear a mask just
to go to the grocery
store-- and gloves.
>>NOORY: I'm going to spare you.
You may take that off, Gary.
>>RIDENOUR: Thank you.
There you go.
>>NOORY: I mean,
does it really work?
I mean, what if you
get one little virus
that splashes onto this thing?
Is it going to get through?
>>RIDENOUR: Well,
that's the problem.
This is called a NIOSH N95.
You get at hardware stores.
They said that there's another
one called a NIOSH 100.
And if you can't get the 100,
then just take another N95
and glue it on the front and
you double your protection.
The problem is is that if you
get secretions on the mask,
there's a possibility it'll
come through the mask,
end up either in your nose or
your mouth, and you're off to--
>>NOORY: And that's it for you.
>>RIDENOUR: And they still don't
know if a mask-- these masks
are any good.
>>NOORY: Now this one
was made primarily,
I think, for like sawdust
and things like that, right?
>>RIDENOUR: Right.
And avian flu and that.
This is certified for
really fine particles.
>>NOORY: Gary, of course, is
the author of a couple books,
one "Pandemic," the other
"Bowling for Ebola."
How did you personally
get involved
in studying infectious diseases?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, we had the
largest leukemia cluster,
childhood leukemia cluster in
the world a number of years
ago.
And we published about
17 scientific papers
on the cluster, found out that
it was a mixture of jet fuel
and tungsten that
caused these infections.
And while we were
working with it,
one of the researchers from
the University of Arizona
goes, you know,
this avian flu is
getting really hot in Vietnam.
And he goes, I've
got some connections,
and you're the doctor.
You're coming.
And you'll train
the people on board
how to wear these space suits.
And then we're going to go into
Vietnam and study patients.
And the younger Communists
in the party said, yeah.
We got to the hardcore
and they went, no.
No.
Americans aren't coming.
So it fell apart.
And so then I kept working
with the avian flu,
wrote my book "Pandemic"
and sent it to Art Bell.
And Art went, god,
I love this book.
I want you on for three hours.
So I started doing that.
And then I continued to start
tracking flus, like the avian
flu and the swine flu,
self-educated myself
on all the latest
things on viruses,
because most doctors when you
start to talk about viruses,
they start getting
walleyed on you
and start looking
at the ceiling,
because they don't know
really much about a virus.
So what I'm trying
to do is, you know,
educate people at
what a virus is.
We would see, when
I was in training,
some sort of lung disease
and there was no bacteria
and it wasn't responding
to antibiotics, so we'd go,
oh, it's a virus.
Well, today we have
better techniques
for identifying the
viruses at least.
>>NOORY: What happened to SARS?
What happened to the avian
flu when the World Health
Organization kept saying
pandemic, pandemic coming,
watch out.
>>RIDENOUR: That's a question
answered in two answers.
First answer, they thought it
was going to really break out.
And it was mutating and
its infectious rate kind of
went down a little bit.
Like in Vietnam, they
killed hundreds of thousands
of chickens and ducks and
everything that were carriers.
>>NOORY: And what do
they do, burn them?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
They burn them.
And then China did
the same thing.
And that cut down the
original carriers.
But in Africa, we don't know who
the carrier is is our problem.
So then also politics
and economics
got involved, which
was we don't want
to broadcast that we have the
avian flu or the swine flu
here because we're
going to lose tourism.
People are going to stop
shipping stuff to us
and shipping stuff back.
I got a helicopter the
other day from China.
And I'm opening the box up.
I'm going, I wonder who
sneezed into this box
before he packed it,
because the virus could
be right in the
package right now.
>>NOORY: You don't know.
How long will a
virus live like that?
>>RIDENOUR: The Ebola
is 4 to 10 days.
At temperatures below 50
below zero, indefinitely.
And we had a theft of Ebola
virus yesterday in Guinea.
A lot of blood has to
be taken by taxicab way
far away and then sometimes
even flown somewhere--
>>NOORY: They took
the blood, right?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
And then the blood has
to be flown somewhere
where they've got the
laboratory equipment that
sophisticated to test it.
Somebody stopped the taxi
and took all the blood.
And they think some
of it had Ebola in it.
>>NOORY: What will
they do with it?
>>RIDENOUR: Worst
case scenario is
you could make it into
a biological weapon.
First thing you could do
is take 8 or 10 extremists,
have them all take a sip of the
Ebola blood, get on a plane,
fly to the United States,
scatter themselves
around the US, and
suddenly, boom.
Chicago's got 15 cases.
Well, what's going on?
>>NOORY: Ah.
>>RIDENOUR: Phoenix
has got 15 cases.
>>NOORY: Would they
actually do that?
>>RIDENOUR: They can do it.
>>NOORY: Sinister people.
>>RIDENOUR: And we'd
be like a dartboard.
And then--
>>NOORY: Huh.
But you'd see symptoms
in these people, right?
>>RIDENOUR: Oh, yeah.
You would.
I mean, it would
scare everybody.
My scenario was that
it's New Year's Eve.
The ball's coming down.
There's 150,000
people on the street.
You're running up
on top of a building
a machine that
blows confetti out.
You've got a compressed
tank of water and Ebola.
And you just keep spreading,
spraying the confetti
as it falls down.
In 10 days, you'll have
4,000 people with Ebola
in New York City.
In another 10 days,
you may have--
>>NOORY: That's
pretty scary, Gary.
>>RIDENOUR: --15,000 with Ebola,
totally overwhelming the health
care facilities.
>>NOORY: What's the
multiplying factor here?
10 becomes what?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, 10-- it
almost doubles every week.
>>NOORY: 10 becomes 20.
20 becomes--
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
It just doubles every week.
And the other problem is
that the average patient,
as we said before, puts out
23 billion viruses a day.
>>NOORY: Now, does it double,
or does it become a multiplier?
I mean, is it 10, 20,
40 or is it 10, 20, 400?
>>RIDENOUR: It's hard to
tell because it depends
on how many cells in your body
are infected that are going
to blow open and throw
these viruses out.
But they estimate
23 billion a day.
And even after you're
cured from Ebola,
men can carry it in the
semen for up to 90 days.
It'll also be in breast milk.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>RIDENOUR: And so
it's a nasty little--
>>NOORY: Have babies come
down with Ebola, Gary?
>>RIDENOUR: Oh, yeah.
>>NOORY: In those
west African nations?
>>RIDENOUR: Babies
have died, and there
are-- and very quickly.
And there are a lot of
orphans in these countries
now because their
mothers and fathers
and aunts and
uncles are all dead.
>>NOORY: That's frightening.
In our previous "Beyond
Belief" program,
we talked about why West Africa.
Why is it hitting there?
But we have had cases
here in the United States.
Not a lot, but we have had some.
A couple people have died.
A couple people have lived.
How are we doing
here to fight Ebola?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, technically
we have two centers
to take care of Ebola patients.
One is in Nebraska, University
of Nebraska, Dr. Gold.
They used their own money
and built a very, very good
facility.
And then in-- next to the
CDC is Emory Hospital.
And so CDC has got kind
of their own lab at Emory.
And it's costing an average
of $35 million per patient
to treat them right now.
>>NOORY: $35 million?
>>RIDENOUR: Million.
>>NOORY: A patient?
>>RIDENOUR: Yes,
because you also
have to go and track
down all their contacts
and test all of them.
>>NOORY: Geez.
>>RIDENOUR: And New York City
just asked for $120 million
to pay off their medical bills.
And interesting thing
is the gentleman--
>>NOORY: We can't afford that.
>>RIDENOUR: No.
Well, and the gentleman that had
Ebola in Dallas, the first one,
he went to a hospital.
And he was sick and everything.
I think he even mentioned
he was from Ebola.
They gave him antibiotics
and sent him home.
>>NOORY: Hmm.
That didn't work.
>>RIDENOUR: Well, you know
why they sent him home?
He didn't have health insurance.
>>NOORY: Well, I was going to
ask you about that, though.
Even if you did have
health insurance,
do those carriers really
want to pay those kind--
>>RIDENOUR: They are
not talking at all
about covering
something like this.
But that gentleman had
no health insurance.
>>NOORY: They probably
have a clause in there
that says Ebola is not
covered by this policy.
>>RIDENOUR: I would think that
they might be doing that now.
The family of the gentleman who
died in Dallas, the hospital's
already settled out
of court with them.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
They didn't even go to court.
They just plunked down a cash
amount and said, we're sorry.
>>NOORY: It's not
their fault, is it?
>>RIDENOUR: It was their
fault they let him go.
I mean, he came in,
said, I'm from Liberia
and I've got nausea,
vomiting, diarrhea.
>>NOORY: And they
had to accept him?
>>RIDENOUR: No,
they don't have to.
They gave him an antibiotic
and go, you've got the flu.
Go home.
>>NOORY: The flu?
The normal flu kills about
36,000 people a year.
If we would say today on my
radio show or any other media
outlet that 36,000 Americans
died of Ebola last year,
people would be
panicking in the streets.
How come there's no panic when
we talk about the normal flu
when so many people have died?
>>RIDENOUR: Well,
that's exactly--
because the normal flu virus
has been around for so long
that you just take it in stride.
And Dr. Osterholm a
couple years ago reviewed
all research on our flu vaccine
and published a 123-page report
showing that in
children it didn't work.
In adults it reduces
your symptoms by 30%.
Over the age of 55,
it does nothing.
So with that, then
the CDC got together
and by committee voted to put
different kinds of chemicals
into the vaccine for
last year and this year.
The big problem is that they'll
announce 36 million people died
from the flu this year
so you ask the CDC
and you go, well, how
many got the flu shots?
And they go, we're not
tasked to look at that.
And you're going like, don't you
think that would be important?
>>NOORY: You would think.
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
You would think so.
They don't look at that.
>>NOORY: If I went into
an Ebola-stricken area
without the mask,
without coverings,
what are the odds of me
coming down with Ebola?
>>RIDENOUR: If you're in one
of the major cities in Liberia,
I'd say 50%, 60%
chance if you didn't
take good care of yourself, if
you didn't wear rubber booties,
if you didn't wash
yourself and so on.
But so much of these
towns are contaminated
that what they should do is
bring in military transport
planes, rig them up with
crop spraying equipment
and just come through
these towns and just spray
them with chlorine
water and just
get it off all the
stuff on the outside.
>>NOORY: Chlorine water
will eradicate this.
How come?
>>RIDENOUR: It will.
Chlorine--
>>NOORY: The virus is not alive.
>>RIDENOUR: It gets into
the virus cell wall,
disrupts it, and allows the
immune system to eat it.
Chlorine's very good.
There are some quacks out there
that are selling combinations
of a bunch of liquids.
And somebody said, one of the
liquids in this fogging machine
is the active
chemical in Listerine.
I went, well, that's alcohol.
Alcohol will kill
it too, because it
will dry the cell out.
And what they do is they
come into your house
and they fog your whole house
with this secret solution.
And then after the
fog settles, they
ask you to open up your
windows and dry it off.
Now you've got this secret
solution on everything
and you're Ebola-free.
>>NOORY: With just alcohol?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
And to get it passed by the
government, FDA and that,
is going to take years.
And that's it.
There is, in 1986 there's
a loophole law, though,
that if we got a vaccine
and it looks good,
we can jump around the
three-year testing periods
and put it right out on the
market and let people try it.
And one of the reasons we're
bringing people back here
is basically guinea pigs
so we can learn more,
because we're sending
people over there
and we don't really know
exactly what we're dealing with.
>>NOORY: The several
people who've come back
and have been cured, it had not
gone through a higher stage.
The couple people that have
died in this country who
have come here had it
pretty bad, didn't they?
>>RIDENOUR: They did.
And there were many,
many days down the road.
The first two that
came back, I really
think that good
fluid resuscitation
and good nourishment
and watching them,
they were one of the--
in the 30% group that
was going to survive anyway.
But as we talked about before,
after you survive Ebola,
boy, in Africa, I
mean you're a leper.
Nobody wants to get near you.
People want to come and
buy your blood in Liberia
to inject people with your blood
so they can give you immunity
to it.
And the other big
problem is that it
stays in breast milk
they don't know how long.
And we know for 90 days it
stays in semen in a male.
So a male could be cured,
go out, infect his wife.
>>NOORY: Or whomever.
>>RIDENOUR: Anyone, yes.
>>NOORY: Is it more dangerous
than the AIDS virus?
>>RIDENOUR: No.
The AIDS-- well, it's
a tough question.
The AIDS virus
dies very rapidly,
so it had to find a medium
where it could be transported
from inside one human
inside the other human.
And that's why it hit
the gay community.
The Ebola once it gets
going doesn't discriminate
sexual orientation or anything.
It just hits everybody.
So you know, AIDS has
gotten a lot of publicity.
And once again, here we are.
We're looking at AIDS, and we
don't have a vaccine for AIDS
either.
>>NOORY: Can we ban, out there
in these West African nations,
eating bushmeat
and this bat meat
and stuff like that
where this virus lives?
>>RIDENOUR: We could.
The bulk of the
care out there is
being covered by
missionary groups.
Mostly Protestant missionary
groups are doing it.
And they're putting their life
on the line to go out there.
Like, the 101st Airborne
that's there right now
have been ordered to have
no contact with the people
or go into the towns.
So you would have
to have people that
risk their lives to go in
and start educating people.
>>NOORY: Gary, tell me
about your latest work,
"Bowling for Ebola."
>>RIDENOUR: That book is because
of the fact that every time
Ebola throws the
ball, it's a strike.
Every time we get
the bowling ball,
we get our finger
stuck in the ball.
The ball gets thrown
back into the audience.
We throw gutter balls.
We haven't knocked
a pin down yet.
So it seems to be winning.
>>NOORY: Are we
even getting close?
>>RIDENOUR: I would say the
ball rolls right up to the pin
and stops.
That's about it.
>>NOORY: Sounds like one
of my bowling pitches.
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
Me, too.
And there are a lot of companies
working on vaccines right now.
And of course they're getting
good government funding
to do that.
And that runs us into Obama,
his $6 billion health care
package for Ebola.
And of that $6.2 billion,
my god, CDC gets $1 billion.
>>NOORY: Merry Christmas.
>>RIDENOUR: Yes.
Homeland Security get $700
million for a Christmas gift.
The hospitals in the
US will get money
to instruct people on
how to handle Ebola.
And it's really a boondoggle,
because a lot of the money
is just going to be
spent here trying
to protect us from the Ebola.
And so it's kind of like we're
building a great big fort here
because there's
an attack coming,
where we should be going out
and hitting the attackers
before they get organized.
>>NOORY: With what's
been happening
in this fight
against Ebola, can we
win the battle in the
long run, in your opinion?
>>RIDENOUR: We can, and
it'll take $30, $40 billion.
It will take the participation
of a lot of countries.
And right now, the UN's put
in, oh, $500 million or so.
A lot of the big what are
called the G20 companies
have donated
practically nothing.
They're not interested.
But if you put a couple
oil wells down there,
interest would pick up.
>>NOORY: "Bowling for Ebola."
Once you wrote that, did you
see what was happening worldwide
and say, hey, I've got to
change a chapter or two?
>>RIDENOUR: I'm kind of
stalled right now because Ebola
was all over everything
up to the elections.
When the elections disappeared,
it just dropped right off
the television set like
it's not there anymore.
>>NOORY: It's not the
big story anymore.
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
Oh, it's not a
big story anymore.
And so it's still going on.
And you know, you can go to the
website for the 101st Airborne
and see what they're doing, but
it looks like right now they're
going to put in facilities
to hold 1,700 people.
When you've got 300 or 400
people a day coming in,
1,700 beds is a
drop in the bucket.
>>NOORY: Now, the
scrambling, Gary,
for a vaccine, why wasn't
it done 30 years ago?
>>RIDENOUR: Well,
30 years ago we
thought it was self-contained
and some little freaky thing.
>>NOORY: And it wasn't
here so we didn't care.
>>RIDENOUR: And it wasn't here.
It was over in Zaire.
And so we're OK.
And the same thing now
is is that this stuff is
way over in-- 99% of the people
listening can't draw you a map
and show your where
Liberia is at.
The problem is is that Liberia,
if you go head down country
to country, there
are 15 countries that
can get infected with Ebola.
And the World Bank
just said that this
is going to have significant
impacts on the world economy.
>>NOORY: You think it will?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, yeah,
because of the amount of money
they're going to have to shell
in there to get it going.
The lack of food, you're going
to have to get them food.
You're going to have
to get them water.
You've got to rebuild
their power plants.
And it interrupts international
trade in those areas.
And of course if it starts
popping up in other countries,
you and I talked
about this before,
is that it's one
plane flight away.
>>NOORY: Was it a mistake
letting these people
who had Ebola into
the United States?
>>RIDENOUR: That's 50-50.
Yeah, it was a mistake
because of the chance
that we know in Liberia
and the other countries
so many people
have been infected.
Health care workers have
been infected and died.
So that is very dangerous.
There's only one plane
in the world that
is equipped to carry
an Ebola patient.
>>NOORY: One plane?
>>RIDENOUR: One plane.
And the patients that
have been flown home
have come in just private
jets, so contamination could--
>>NOORY: What does that cost?
>>RIDENOUR: Huh?
>>NOORY: What does that cost,
to fly somebody somewhere?
>>RIDENOUR: $8,000
to $10,000 at least.
And it's about $1,700 an
hour, somewhere in there,
for a commercial jet.
And so there's a lot of money.
And you're taking
care of these people.
And basically what
they're doing is
is they're getting fresh virus.
They're getting ideas on how
to treat the thing, which
is massive volumes of fluids.
And unfortunately,
some of these people
have a really bad
form of the Ebola,
and no matter what
you do, it's going
to overwhelm everything
and kill you.
>>NOORY: Gary, I'm
concerned about this theft
of the Ebola-tainted
blood, which
you said could be used as some
kind of biological weapon.
>>RIDENOUR: Yep.
>>NOORY: Would a
sophisticated terrorist who
understands chemistry
and biologicals,
would they be able to
do something with this?
I mean, how sophisticated
do you have to be?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, with this,
you've already got the virus,
and so you don't have
to build a virus.
You've got the virus.
So you get monkeys or
other test animals,
put the virus into the animal.
When the animal starts to
show signs of getting sick,
then you take his
blood out and put it
into the next couple animals.
And then what
you're doing, you're
making it more and
more infectious.
And when it only takes
a small amount of blood,
the guy up on top
of the building
with the confetti machine, he
may need only 10 CCs of blood
to be able to knock
down 4,000 people.
>>NOORY: And your goal is what?
These 4,000 people
to breathe it?
>>RIDENOUR: Well, it
would land on you.
The confetti would land on you.
It would dry or you'd go--
and then you go, oh, it's wet.
>>NOORY: If an Ebola
virus landed on you, one,
you don't know it.
But I mean, what if it's
just right here on my skin?
Is that going to enter my body?
>>RIDENOUR: No.
Skin, it's going to look for
a skin break to get into.
Skin's a good
protective barrier.
>>NOORY: Right.
So it's got to get through your
mouth or something like that.
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
Mouth, or you've got to cut
on your hand or something
like that.
Most of the time,
it's hand to mouth,
where you get your hand in it.
And then sooner or later
you eat or do this.
And it's into the
mouth and away it goes.
>>NOORY: Are you more
concerned about Ebola
or are you more concerned
about flesh-eating bacteria,
for example, that
people contract when
they're in a lake, for example?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
I've seen flesh-eating bacteria.
It's usually streptococcus.
And if we can jump
on it fast enough
with a lot of antibiotics,
sometimes there's
a lot of damage done, but
these people, most of them
do survive from it.
>>NOORY: How do you
know the difference
between Ebola and
the common flu?
>>RIDENOUR:
Interesting question.
About a month ago,
they announced
that there were 5,000
people showed up
in emergency rooms
in the United States
because they thought
they had Ebola.
>>NOORY: 5,000?
>>RIDENOUR: 5,000 cases.
>>NOORY: A lot of people.
>>RIDENOUR: And as you
talk about it more,
you're going to get more people.
And you've got to get the
news out and say, look,
you're going to be
throwing up blood.
You'll have blood
coming out of your eyes.
You'll have 20 loose
bowel movements per day.
You won't be able to
walk you'll be so sick.
Then come on in.
And you run 102 or 103
degree temperature.
>>NOORY: You'll feel
like you're dying.
And you are.
>>RIDENOUR: And you are dying,
whereas the flu you might
throw up, have a little bit
of diarrhea, and feel crappy.
And then you think
back and go, OK,
who was I near that had Ebola?
Nobody.
I live out in Kansas
City, let's say.
The chances that Ebola's
bouncing around there is low.
>>NOORY: What do you do with the
body after the person has died?
Do you burn it?
Cremate it?
What do you do with it?
>>RIDENOUR: Cremation
is the best way.
Unfortunately, the burial
habits in these countries
is to take the body and undress
it and then wash it down
by hand, no gloves, wash it
down and prepare it and dress
it and get it ready for burial.
So everybody that's working
on the body gets contaminated.
And they're buried.
A lot of places now,
because of the number
of people dying per day,
they're cremating them
even though it's against
the religious beliefs
of the people.
They just want to
cremate the bodies just
to get them out of
there completely.
>>NOORY: As an infectious
disease expert,
are you concerned about
coming down with Ebola?
>>RIDENOUR: No, I'm not.
I'm really safe with
everything I do.
I mean, when I-- at the airport,
if I go to the men's room,
I put my hand up
high on the door,
because everybody else hit
the bottom of the door.
>>NOORY: Or you take
a tissue or something.
>>RIDENOUR: No, I just put
my-- oh, I'm not quite Monk.
I put my hands in there.
I wash my hands.
And the biggest thing is
just good safety stuff.
Wash your hands a
couple times a day.
And just stay away from anybody
that's coming out of Liberia.
>>NOORY: That would be nice.
How many people don't
realize that there
are germs on an
escalator railing,
on the gas pump that you use?
They're everywhere.
>>RIDENOUR: There are
more bacteria in our body
right now than there are
human cells in our body.
But they aid in digestion.
And they have all kinds
of other jobs to do.
I tell my pediatric patients,
I go, when you sneeze,
I want you to do the
vampire sneeze and go--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
I've got a producer who shakes
hands with his fists, right?
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
That's another thing.
>>NOORY: They won't do this.
He does that.
>>RIDENOUR: And of course,
my god, handling money.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
Money's everywhere.
>>RIDENOUR: Yeah.
Money's everyone, and
it's awfully dirty.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
Gary, thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>RIDENOUR: Thank you.
>>NOORY: So all right.
You look at this mask,
and you say, hey,
can this prevent some
infectious disease?
Can this prevent Ebola?
I don't know.
It's up to you.
You have to decide if
you want to walk around
with something like this.
Anyway, thanks for
watching "Beyond Belief,"
and I hope we educated you
just a little about Ebola.
I'm George Noory.
See you on our next edition.